docs(Docs): Added a deprecation watchlist (#752)
rucio/documentation: docs/started/deprecation_watchlist.md

---
id: deprecation_watchlist
title: Deprecation watchlist
sidebar_label: Deprecation watchlist
sidebar_position: 7
---

This page lists functionality, or features, which the development team intends to remove from
Rucio at a future point in time. The aim of this list is to give the community an early warning,
but also to call for feedback about impact of such deprecations the development team might not
be aware of. This feedback might range from giving additional information, to adapting timelines

> of deprecations, up to reverting the planned deprecation all together. Please [reach out](../contact_us.md)

Reviewer: I think it should be altogether here, based on https://dictionary.cambridge.org/grammar/british-grammar/altogether-or-all-together

```suggestion
of deprecations, up to reverting the planned deprecation altogether. Please [reach out](../contact_us.md)
```
